What does magic mean to you? Why would you ask a "magician" to shuffle (or even you, I mean you..yourself, with that semi-weird, funny "I dont trust you" attitude to shuffle) the cards before doing the trick?
Well, essentially you just want to ensure that the probability of a rare event (or if you want, "magic") is very very low. So, then the guy does the trick and boom, the event occurs. But from his point of view the trick was planned and he is performing it with his own hands (unless the trick involves cars floating in mid-air) and there is a high probability (very very close to 1 but not 1) that the event will happen! (of course, unless the guy gets hit by an asteroid while performing the trick and then the impact of the collision on the card deck modifies the probability of the trick happening.

Let's define magic. I am really curious. What would magic be? To me, magic is when an "unlikely" event is about to happen with SHORT prior notification. It just brings some excitement to me, hehe.
And by unlikely I mean, usually.. collision between things quite distant in spacetime (we need to define the word "quite" here, dont forget, for the sake of completeness of our definition. The term "distant" we will just borrow from mathematics for now). And science things are often just like this. Many people, most of which long gone right now gave their thoughts for years and then suddenly this information is recorded in a book (imagine..by modifying color of a dead plant's cells or stuff like this) and then many of these books, many of these people, this facts just floating around, colliding all the way to this moment when you are about to connect (at least) 2 things and discover something magical ("ahh!! now I understanddddd! ..that's how it works!" Yes, exactly. That's it. Magic.

